content-type application/activity
content-type application/atom
content-type application/binary
content-type application/gzip
content-type application/json
content-type application/octet
content-type application/ogg
content-type application/pdf
content-type application/postscript
content-type application/rss
content-type application/vnd
content-type application/x
content-type application/xhtml
content-type application/xml
content-type application/zip
content-type audio/mp4
content-type audio/mpeg
content-type binary/octet
content-type font/ttf
content-type image/gif
content-type image/jpeg
content-type image/png
content-type image/svg
content-type image/webp
content-type text/calendar
content-type text/css
content-type text/html
content-type text/HTML
content-type text/plain
content-type text/x
content-type text/xml
content-type video/mp4
content-type video/webm
content-type video/x
